The Lord then said to Moses, “Write this down on a scroll as a reminder and 
recite it to Joshua: I will completely blot out the memory of Amalek under 
heaven.”

HCSB, ISV, NASB, LEB
Verse Concepts
Deuteronomy 6:7
And you shall recite them to your children, and you shall talk about them at 
[the time of] your living in your house and at [the time of] your going on the 
road and at [the time of] your lying down and at [the time of] your rising [up].

LEB
Verse Concepts
Deuteronomy 31:19
Therefore write down this song for yourselves and teach it to the Israelites; 
have them recite it, so that this song may be a witness for Me against the 
Israelites.

HCSB
Verse Concepts
Joshua 1:8
This book of instruction must not depart from your mouth; you are to recite it 
day and night so that you may carefully observe everything written in it. For 
then you will prosper and succeed in whatever you do.

HCSB
Verse Concepts
2 Chronicles 35:25
Jeremiah sang a lament for Josiah, and all the male and female singers recite 
that lamentation about Josiah to this day. In fact, they made singing it an 
ordinance in Israel, and they are recorded in the Lamentations.

ISV
Verse Concepts
Psalm 40:5
LORD, my God, You have done great things: marvelous works and your thoughts 
toward us. There is no one who compares to you! I will try to recite your 
actions, even though there are too many to number.

ISV
Verse Concepts
Psalm 45:1
For the choir director: according to “The Lilies.” A Maskil of the sons of 
Korah. A love song.My heart is moved by a noble themeas I recite my verses 
to the king;my tongue is the pen of a skillful writer.

HCSB, LEB, WEB
Verse Concepts
Psalm 50:16
But God says to the wicked:“What right do you have to recite My statutesand 
to take My covenant on your lips?

HCSB, ISV, AM, LEB
Verse Concepts
Ezekiel 12:23
Therefore tell them, 'This is what the sovereign Lord says: I hereby end this
 proverb; they will not recite it in Israel any longer.' But say to them, 
 'The days are at hand when every vision will be fulfilled.

NET
Verse Concepts
Ezekiel 24:3
Recite a proverb to this rebellious house and say to them, 'This is what 
the sovereign Lord says: "'Set on the pot, set it on, pour water in it too;